yo what's happening guys it's closely
sex and it's like five in the morning
right now but I'm in the mood for doing
a video so I'm going to do some
minecraft mod reviews or my previous
whatever you want to call it i'm not
going to bore you with all this text and
that kind of thing i'm going to show you
what this map is because it's awesome I
seen this video by M BlueXephos and they
were reviewing this map and I just
thought you know what I'm gonna do me on
with you on it and just show p blu you
know who don't watch their videos what
this map is so this is actually by the
guy who made you know that drop them up
where you jump down a little hole and
you have to land in the middle I'll
probably do a big deal on that as well
but yeah it's gonna like a second what
you do is you click on this I port you
into like these different map worlds and
what you want to do is you want to grab
a few of these let me just put the egg
over there by the way the texture pack
i'm using is the texture pack that comes
with them up so it's not like some
crappy texted back i use this is to make
the map look like this it's supposed to
look like a sweetie well kind of thing
and the idea behind this map hmm if I
throw this thumb you get sent to hell
well so you've got like heaven and hell
as you can see so obviously I can't get
across here so if I go to hell we can
cross the bridge so let's put it back
down you go to heaven and there's the
bridge gone but you're on the other side
that's the basic concept of the map you
have to switch between the worlds in
order to get around now i'm only going
to go to level 3 because i want to play
this with a few of my friends and I
don't want to know the answer so I'm
going to go to level 3 I already know
the answer to this one because on the
BlueXephos with you he actually am I saw
the part where you finish this level so
if we go up go in here as you can see
there's nothing here let's go to hell
see you couldn't swim through there cuz
it's lava River break this right let's
go back to heaven
oh it's actually going to cause a bit of
fraps like for a second right let's get
out of here before we actually switch it
back to hell and I'll get melted right
so throw that down get across oh oh
that was close I quickly get across
before he bugs out I switch back to
heaven there you go so that's the basic
concept behind them up I Sylvia girl who
she I don't know but I'm supposed to do
that
p i think that's it i think that's that
means I've won I don't know if I have to
go back now to em but I try hell well
the second right there we go level
complete so now as you can see level two
is lit up so you can go straight to
level two now I have an actually played
level two so this is going to be new to
me all right let's try it out let's see
what he'll world looks like first of all
right so we've got a big Casimir let me
see what's going on in heaven well dear
mmm this is actually a bit worried in
this one because I don't know where the
drop is in hell world so I might just
drop down all right let's say go back to
hell way so we can go straight up here
switch it back
so we need to get the key
let's try by the cat there's gotta be
something to do with that chasm so I
want to switch it back first of all Oh
sugar cakes and all that stuff no right
I died but you just go back like that so
so you can just continue basically if
you die like I did fail miserably that's
what happens you go straight back well
let them I need to go back to hell oh
look how close that is I got no idea how
far out that chasm actually is right now
so let's see a drop over there what
we're gonna do is I know how to do it
now I think actually I don't I thought
there was some sort of drop you're not
allowed to break blocks by the way so i
basically need to work out the amount of
oh nope thought that was going to
send me to hell then right let's get
back a bit and then figure out how many
walks forward is so i need to basically
it's a blow
who I think now the gods are
normally again sweet please thaw please
thought you like them person
right so that was wrong by one block
can't believe it let down by the bearded
what's that you see that's where thought
it was but it's not right we're going to
try this again right so I'm guessing now
gonna go forward a bit more I'm not
pretty good at this kind of thing oh
thank god right oh cool be cool we got
it we got it I think I'm going to leave
it at this level actually not to do any
more spoilers for you so you can try it
out yourself so you know you go up there
like that switch it back to heaven Bob's
your uncle just switch it back to hell
where's the eyeball whatever take it
stop
you
not sure what you need to do to get
ported back princess a level done well
I'll figure it out but yeah that's a
people's pretty much you know you need
to get inside here by figuring out the
puzzle and I'm sure you can do a better
job than what I just did we are thanks
for watching people and speak to the
next video I cheers bye bye